[ci:docs] Remove future tense from man pages (#18559)
containers/podman: docs/source/Introduction.rst

    <p><em>Thank you for using nginx.</em></p>
    ...

> Building new images is great, but sharing our work with others let’s them review our work, critique how we built them, and offer improved versions. Our newly built Nginx image can be published at quay.io or docker.io to share it with the world. Everything needed to run the Nginx application is provided in the container image. Others can easily pull it down and use it, or make improvements to it.

Reviewer: The change is fine, but if you could add one more nit.

```suggestion
Building new images is great, but sharing our work with others lets them review our work, critique how we built them, and offer improved versions. Our newly built Nginx image can be published at quay.io or docker.io to share it with the world. Everything needed to run the Nginx application is provided in the container image. Others can easily pull it down and use it, or make improvements to it.
```
